Document the 0.16.1 fix for host-mounted sockets (#1077)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/community/releases/_index.en.md

* The Gateway leader election was enhanced to not restart the pod when leadership is lost to avoid possible data path disruption.
* Fixed an issue in Service Discovery where stale endpoint IPs, corresponding to services that no longer exist, were returned from DNS
  queries.
* Sockets from the host are mounted through their parent directory, which ensures that the sockets themselves aren't replaced by directories
  (which prevents OVN components from starting). Additionally, stray directories are cleaned up at startup. This fixes the known issue with

>   upgrades involving OVN, documented below.

Reviewer: "...., documented below" without any link can be confusing for the users to follow. 

I hope you are referring to the known issues section. If so, can you include the link to the known issues here?

Author: Done, but I couldn’t find a nice way to link to a subsection for a specific version — so if we ever add another “Known issues” sections this will break.

>   (which prevents OVN components from starting). Additionally, stray directories are cleaned up at startup. This fixes the known issue with
>   upgrades involving OVN, [documented below](#known-issues).

Reviewer: What about the following?

```suggestion
  (which prevents OVN components from starting). Additionally, stray directories are cleaned up at startup. This fixes the known issue with OVN upgrades which is documented as part of the known issues in [0.16 release](#v0160).
```
